[one-cmds] Add profiling option (#6250)
Samsung/ONE: compiler/one-cmds/how-to-use-one-commands.txt

  Note that this pass can change the execution result of the model.
  So, use it only when the impact is known to be acceptable.
- mute_warnings : This will turn off warning messages.

> - profiling_data_gen : This will turn on profiling data generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- generate_profile_data : This will turn on profiling data generation.
```
